Nonsense
It's obviously because you pretended to be a member of the Shen family
That's why our CEO lost billions of dollars in shame
Now he is still mixed in with Mr. Gao
Are you a pervert?
Sister Xu Wen, it is a big crime for you to impersonate the Shen family
You can go with me to Miss Shen to apologize now
They will look at my face
Won't do anything to you
Miss Shen, who is Miss Shen?
Of course, it's Shen Tingting, the queen of business in the early morning.
Isn't he?
Mr. Xu, this is
Ex-wife
It turns out that someone can really give up the real dragon
Do I have to thank you for your generosity?
Hey beautiful woman with your knowledge and conditions
How can you find a liar like Xiaojie?
Be careful of being cheated
I want to cheat money and sex
You have to see if he wants to
Shameless fox I bah
Xu Wenjie didn't expect you to hide so deeply
I found my next home early
Distinguished guests
The banquet is about to begin
Please come in
Welcome guests
The banquet held by the province and city today
It's to thank a big day
rich enough to rival the country
Big grudge in the mouth
This person's identity is definitely not simple
This opportunity to make friends with big people
I must catch
Funny right
Mr. Gao, if we have a chance today
Be sure to explain it to this big shot
If you can place an order with such a big shot
Let's not do this cooperation of the Shen family
below
Please invite Miss Shen Tingting, the daughter of the Shen family, to the stage.
Thank your benefactor in person
This is all store feathers out of the factory.
Who can make Shen Tingting realize it personally?
Hey
Xu Wenjie wants Shen Tingting to go up
What are you doing up there?
Xu Wenjie, come down quickly
Don't make the Shen family angry anymore
Why are you going down?
Butler Shen told them who I was